[Music]
why did they in complete trust right I
don't know to get to the toilet that's
quite handy because we're going to make
some unicorn foods aren't we so should
we get started yes I we've got some egg
whites we got some flour we've got some
sugar is she wrong so that's the perfect
recipe for meringue and have you made it
before no well it's very easy but
ideally you've got one of these electric
risks because it takes quite a lot of
whisking so we're gonna whisk off our
egg whites until they're really stiff
and then we're gonna start to add our
sugar so we start low to start with and
then we'll turn up the power and go hot
yeah she'll have a go perfect
I'm gonna make it go even faster
bubbly that's right all the area we need
to get it so it's really stiff so that's
nearly ready but we need to get it to
hold it shapes with it a bit more and
you know the trick with meringue if it's
done you can do this now you mean yes so
that's so it's done so you want to put
two clumps of sugar in there maybe even
a bit more that's it and now we're gonna
whisk it until it's just mixed in
[Music]
look at that it's coming on two more
spoons I think that's it sweetie shiny
now then it's gonna really hold shape
yeah it's just like whipped cream isn't
it put it all in the side that's perfect
see that looks perfect look at that and
it's nice and stiff look at that so we
want to make our poos because they're a
unicorn we want to make them all rainbow
we don't we yeah yeah so we've got a
really clever way to do that we've got
some food coloring and some paintbrushes
sort of piping bag with a large nozzle
we've turned it inside out we're gonna
paint our colors in stripes all around
I'm never gonna fill it up so should I
show you how to do one and then you can
do another color so just need to go like
this and just paint it on the bag in a
kind of fat stripe it's like painting a
plastic bag it is like painting a
plastic bag because we're painting a
plastic bag so I'll hold my own like
that and you can do the painting which
we do yellow next and then we'll just do
the pink one so just in the middle
perfect
found it's nice and rainbow doesn't it
you have to turn your back inside that
way it's a bit tricky because lots of
coloring gonna fill this up with the
meringue in you're gonna get one of
these special clips that we use look
I've got blue everywhere ready to pipe
our poos what we've done we've drawn
little circles on our baking paper
already so we can have poos all the same
size so we turn it upside down you
remember how we did our piping before
then we don't try and pipe it like this
because we do that we're not gonna have
a nice whoo we're gonna have a splat
Smee what a nice to don't we imagining
you're like a ice cream machine
[Music]
old to get fat pose a little bit sad
isn't it that one baby go in a circle
furthest and then build up so have
another go funny isn't it it is tricky
this water let's just spin it round a
[Music]
big one isn't it
so we're gonna put these in the oven and
we're gonna bake them until they're all
nice and crisp and dry and when they're
all dry and hard we can decorate them
put funny faces on okay let's pop them
in so these are all done and all cook
who's that hello is equal to name you
know okay we just called him poo so I
think we should turn these into a
unicorn poos the funny faces now do you
you can stand over there and watch what
we do okay so we've got our meringues
all cooled down we've got a little bit
of icing that we're gonna use to stick
our eyes on and we've got a little bit
of whites and little bit of black
pricing so we're gonna make some little
balls for the eyes so let's start off by
taking a little bit like this just a
really small bit and then break it in
half and I'm gonna make one ball and
another ball and then just kind of
squeeze them between my fingers like
that but do with some icing sugar
because it's a bit sticky let's use a
bit of this and then when you've got
your white bits you can put the black
bits in the middle so you get an even
smaller bit break it in half and make a
small ball and just flatten it like that
and just pop them like that that's it
[Music]
but in think we've got enough now yeah
and now we can do them some funny little
mouth for the mouths I just get a little
bit and I make it into boss it's a bit
bigger than the eyes and then just
flatten it and I'm just gonna pinch here
the sizing that making us a mouth like
that
it's just surprised one I've got a
little bit of face so you just need to
put two dots one
so like that and then you get your eyes
and you do this over the mouth I'm just
putting a blob there
[Music]
oh good aren't they all different sorts
of poos you've got a happy surprise
sneezy pooh how are you today shall we
see if we taste nice hmm
yummy they are delicious well done
Delila that's good work I hope you
enjoyed the video everyone please check
out BBC good food used to for more
videos and we'll see you next time
[Music]